enjoying the comfort of your couch a
little too much
doesn't matter what level you're at
cardio is the easiest and best way to
burn that belly fat
you can walk run or jog that fat away
there's not much danger of you hurting
yourself
it's low impact which is good for your
bones and best of all
it pushes up your metabolism and heart
rate get some quality
shoes and start off slow some people in
japan practice slow jogging
and even that burns a bunch of calories
apart from losing weight you're getting
fresh air
seeing more of the world and getting a
mental break hey
you deserve one don't we all cardio at
home can take a lot of the stress out of
finding nice places to run or ride a
bike
jumping rope is great for getting your
heart pumping your blood flowing
and it's fun just stay away from that
bookcase full of knickknacks
don't have a rope use a power cord
instead it's just as good
just make sure it's unplugged first just
a few minutes a day
can do wonders for your body plus it's a
good time
so it doesn't really feel like a workout
crunches are one of the top exercises
for fat burning
and for good reason as much as they make
your belly ache
they burn fat like my dad overcooking a
steak
like with all these exercises starting
off slow is going to give you the most
benefits
it's not how many you do you got to do
them right
keep your abs tight and your chin down
go slowly and try to breathe normally
want to lose weight and work out almost
every muscle in your body
burpees may be the answer for you yeah i
know what you're thinking
burpees sound like a punishment now
burpees aren't everyone's idea of
fun but they're still one of the most
effective ways to lose weight
best of all you don't need any equipment
step one
get in the plank position step two jump
your feet into a low squat
step three jump as high as you can and
land in a squat
that's all there is to it burpees were
invented as a high intensity full body
exercise
that can burn a lot of calories and up
to 50 percent more fat than many other
exercises
try to do 30 seconds of burpees and 30
seconds rest
after a few weeks your new chiseled body
will thank you
thank you weight training can burn fat
fast by speeding up your metabolism
cardio burns fat pretty fast too but
when you're using weights
you actually burn fat for longer even
hours after you stop training for the
day
now not all of us have weight sitting
around at home so
get creative a wash basket full of
clothes
your dog a tupperware full of frozen
spaghetti sauce
if it's got weight you can lift it just
remember to start off with something
light
and slowly move to lifting heavier and
heavier objects
the ideal workout should combine cardio
and weights that
way you burn fat and build muscle
yogurts become one of the most popular
ways to exercise
and get some much needed stress relief
it's not really famous for weight loss
but it does burn a lot of calories and
it has many other health benefits
a regular guy can burn about 150
calories doing yoga for just 30 minutes
yoga also helps you with mindfulness
flexibility
balance controlling your food intake and
more importantly
stress the best thing about yoga is that
you can do it in the comfort of your own
home
anytime you want just make sure you have
a towel handy
yoga isn't as easy as you might think
now did i
already mention chocolate for weight
loss no no i didn't
but you're not dreaming it's real dark
chocolate is high in calories
so we only need a nibble but who's
complaining and who's going to stop at a
nibble
the monounsaturated fatty acids in dark
chocolate are healthy fats that the body
uses to burn calories
these tasty chocolate fats also help
control your cravings for sugar
and other foods that aren't good for you
eating a little piece before a meal can
slow down digestion
making you feel fuller for longer eating
a bunch of fat isn't something you'd
think would help you lose weight
but there is such a thing as good fat
there are all sorts of tasty fats out
there
waiting to be eaten food like eggs nuts
and avocados
can help reduce your belly fat the
healthy way a drizzle of olive oil
never hurt anyone fatty fish like salmon
and tuna
are full of omega-3 fatty acids which
don't just target belly fat
they target all fat healthy fats are
high in calories
so don't go too crazy just keep a
healthy balanced diet
there's no easier way to lose that belly
fat than by getting a good night's rest
you really do lose fat while you sleep
it's when your body
repairs muscles cleans out toxins and
converts fat into energy for the next
day
when you don't get good sleep every
night your body reacts by releasing a
stress hormone
cortisol this keeps your body in fight
or flight mode
not healing in fat burning mode lack of
shut eye can make you eat more food
since your body's worried it might need
to save some for later
you're getting sleepy very sleepy and
when i click my fingers
you will pass me that last donut
if you're looking to try a different way
to change your diet and exercise
hypnosis might be the unconventional way
to go
it's not always easy to break old habits
and some people need help to change
their behaviors
overeating not wanting to work out bad
sleep habits
these can be changed with hypnosis
there's definitely no harm in trying it
especially if you're having a really
hard time changing your ways
the only catch to hypnosis if you're
stubborn it might not work for you
the closest we've ever gone to a magic
potion for weight loss
has to be tea green tea is full of
antioxidants
ideal for weight loss plus you get good
and hydrated
the taste of green tea isn't for
everyone so spice it up with some other
fat burning ingredients
cinnamon and ginger boost our stomach's
metabolism
burning those fat cells right off your
belly a slice of lemon or a little honey
can help too
if green tea doesn't work for you matcha
tea has an even higher number of
antioxidants in it
but be careful a lot of companies add
sugar to match it
make sure you read that label we all
intermittent fast
and we aren't even aware of it when
we're sleeping fasting has been around
for centuries and it's become quite
popular recently
intermittent fasting is all about
changing your eating patterns
fasting for short periods gives your
body time to digest
everything you already ate and it gives
your organs
time to clean themselves you're not
counting calories anymore you're
counting time
it's simple just don't eat dinner too
late and don't eat breakfast too early
then you've got a good 10 hour window
for your body to fast that belly fat
away
just remember with intermittent fasting
you still eat a normal amount of food
that's really important foods that are
high in fiber
fill you up more things like broccoli
beans and nuts
stop you from reaching for more food
when you eat fiber helps you clean out
your digestive system and helps you
absorb more nutrients vitamins and
minerals
pizza and burgers are full of refined
carbs and sugar
sure they make you full for a bit but
then you're hungry again
now not all pizzas and burgers are the
same though italian pizza has a crazy
thin
crust and not as much cheese as new york
or chicago style
it can be tough to eat vegetables and
fruit when you're feeling grumpy
and in the mood for some seriously
crunchy snacks but your body
will thank you later try nibbling on
some almonds
cut up cucumbers or carrots instead this
last one's not talked about that
much but reducing stress in your life
can be great for your waistline
taking small steps to be more happy more
outgoing and less frustrated
can make a big difference even just
smiling more
here try it you will look marvelous